README.md, before:


# Azure Warehouse Manager VS Code Extension

## Overview
Azure Warehouse Manager is a Visual Studio Code extension designed to help you manage Azure Synapse Analytics and Azure SQL Data Warehouses directly from your editor. Easily pause, resume, and monitor your data warehouses, view subscription details, and streamline your workflow with integrated Azure authentication.

## Features
- Authenticate with Azure using DefaultAzureCredential
- List and manage Azure subscriptions
- Pause and resume Azure Synapse/SQL Data Warehouses
- View warehouse status and properties
- Integrated with VS Code command palette

## Requirements
- Visual Studio Code 1.75+
- Azure CLI or Azure PowerShell installed locally
- Azure account with appropriate permissions
- Node.js 16+ (**only required if building or running from source**)

## Installation

### Pre-Requisites

Install and log in to one of the following:

**Azure CLI**  
1. Follow this [guide](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/install-azure-cli?view=azure-cli-latest)
2. Use PowerShell to log in:
   ```powershell
   az login
   ```

**OR**

**Azure PowerShell**  
1. Follow this [guide](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/azure/install-azps-windows?view=azps-14.2.0&tabs=powershell&pivots=windows-psgallery)
2. Use PowerShell to log in:
   ```powershell
   Connect-AzAccount
   ```

### Install in VS Code
1. Install from the VS Code Extension Marketplace

### Install from Source
1. Clone or download this repository.
2. Open the folder in VS Code.
3. Run `npm install` to install dependencies.
4. Press `F5` to launch the extension in a new Extension Development Host window.

## Usage
1. Open the command palette (`Ctrl+Shift+P` or `Cmd+Shift+P`).
2. Search for and run commands like `Azure Warehouse: Authenticate`, `Azure Warehouse: List Warehouses`, or `Azure Warehouse: Pause/Resume Warehouse`.
3. Follow prompts to authenticate and manage your Azure resources.

## Authentication
This extension uses Azure's `DefaultAzureCredential`, supporting multiple authentication methods (Visual Studio, Azure CLI, Managed Identity, etc.).

## Contributing
Pull requests and issues are welcome! Please open an issue to discuss your ideas or report bugs.

## License
MIT License

Commit message:

Update README to include installation prompts and enhance usage instructions with UI details

README.md, after:


# Azure Warehouse Manager VS Code Extension

## Overview
Azure Warehouse Manager is a Visual Studio Code extension designed to help you manage Azure Synapse Analytics and Azure SQL Data Warehouses directly from your editor. Easily pause, resume, and monitor your data warehouses, view subscription details, and streamline your workflow with integrated Azure authentication.

## Features
- Authenticate with Azure using DefaultAzureCredential
- List and manage Azure subscriptions
- Pause and resume Azure Synapse/SQL Data Warehouses
- View warehouse status and properties
- Integrated with VS Code command palette

## Requirements
- Visual Studio Code 1.75+
- Azure CLI or Azure PowerShell installed locally
- Azure account with appropriate permissions
- Node.js 16+ (**only required if building or running from source**)

## Installation

### Pre-Requisites

Install and log in to one of the following:

**Azure CLI**  
1. Follow this [guide](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/install-azure-cli?view=azure-cli-latest)
2. Use PowerShell to log in:
   ```powershell
   az login
   ```

**OR**

**Azure PowerShell**  
1. Follow this [guide](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/azure/install-azps-windows?view=azps-14.2.0&tabs=powershell&pivots=windows-psgallery)
2. Use PowerShell to log in:
   ```powershell
   Connect-AzAccount
   ```

### Install in VS Code
1. Install from the VS Code Extension Marketplace
2. The extension will ask you to Install Azure CLI if not found, and to Login with your Azure credentials if not already authenticated.

### Install from Source
1. Clone or download this repository.
2. Open the folder in VS Code.
3. Run `npm install` to install dependencies.
4. Press `F5` to launch the extension in a new Extension Development Host window.

## Usage
You can access Azure Warehouse Manager from the VS Code activity bar:

![Azure Warehouse Manager Activity Bar](media/DataWarehouseUIExample.png)

Click the Azure Warehouse Manager icon to open the extension UI. From there, you can:
- List and manage your data warehouses
- Pause, resume, and monitor warehouse status
- Scale online warehouses
- View subscription details and warehouse properties

All extension features are available through this dedicated UI—no need to use the command palette.

## Authentication
This extension uses Azure's `DefaultAzureCredential`, supporting multiple authentication methods (Visual Studio, Azure CLI, Managed Identity, etc.).

## Contributing
Pull requests and issues are welcome! Please open an issue to discuss your ideas or report bugs.

## License
MIT License
